uncheckedHsx + customHsx (#2010)
digitallyinduced/ihp: Guide/hsx.markdown

If you use HTML entities, such as `&nbsp;` for a non-breaking space, you will notice they appear exactly like that. To output directly (i.e. unescaped) use the method `preEscapedToMarkup` from `Text.Blaze.Html5`.

### Custom HSX and Unchecked HSX

HSX provides two additional QuasiQuoters beyond the standard `[hsx|...|]` for increased flexibility: `uncheckedHsx` and `customHsx`.

#### Using `uncheckedHsx`

`uncheckedHsx` provides a quick way to bypass HSX's strict tag and attribute name checking. 

It will still check for valid HTML, but it will accept any tag and attribute names.

```haskell
[uncheckedHsx|
    <my-custom-element custom-attribute="value">
        Content
    </my-custom-element>
|]
```

> While convenient for rapid development, use it with caution as you lose the benefits of compile-time guarantees for your markup.

Reviewer: 👍

        , additionalAttributeNames = Set.fromList ["_", "custom-attribute"]
        }
    )
```

Configuration options for `HsxSettings`:
- `checkMarkup`: Boolean to enable/disable markup checking
- `additionalTagNames`: Set of additional allowed tag names
- `additionalAttributeNames`: Set of additional allowed attribute names

2. Make it available in your views by adding it to your view helpers module:

```haskell
module Application.Helper.View (
    module Application.Helper.View,
    module Application.Helper.CustomHsx -- Add this line
) where

import IHP.ViewPrelude
import Application.Helper.CustomHsx (myHsx) -- Add this line
```

3. Use it in your views:

```haskell
[myHsx|
    <book>
        <title custom-attribute="value">My Book</title>
        <name>Author Name</name>
    </book>
|]
```

The custom HSX will validate that tags and attributes are either in the default HSX whitelist or in your additional sets. This gives you the flexibility to use custom elements and attributes.

This approach is particularly useful for:
- Web Components with custom attribute names
- UI libraries with non-standard attributes
- Integration with third-party frameworks that extend HTML syntax

> It's not usable for libraries with highly esoteric attributes, like Alpine.js. Even `uncheckedHsx` will throw an error because it doesn't recognize html attributes starting with `@` or has `:` in the attribute name.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
It's not usable for libraries with non-conventional attributes, like Alpine.js. Even `uncheckedHsx` will throw an error because it doesn't recognize html attributes starting with `@` or has `:` in the attribute name.
```

Author: We could maybe find another word. I chose `highly esoteric` since it's otherwise actually very well suited for non-conventional attributes, but hsx gets confused on very unusual symbols in attributes

Author: Better now perhaps? `It's not usable for libraries with very unusual symbols in their attributes, like Alpine.js.`

```haskell
[uncheckedHsx|

>     <anytagname custom-attribute="value">

Author: Since custom elements tag names already are supported by default
